# Personal-Statment-and-Design-Thinking
Personal Statement about Design Thinking 
Design thinking is a method for problem-solving that aims to provide an improved outcome in the future. It is crucial to mix empathy, creativity, and reason to address customer requirements and promote corporate success. Design thinking is a creative approach that is centered around the development of ideas, as opposed to analytical thinking. Creativity, imagination, and a blend of convergent and divergent cognition are all components of design thinking. Dialectic or conversation can be a good way to describe design thinking. It calls for knowledge, wisdom, and skill in design.
The end-to-end solution is a term that means that to ensure that no other vendor is engaged in satisfying the needs, the provider of an application program, software, and system will provide all of the hardware and software requirements of the customer. This is very beneficial to the fact that it would cut out a second or even third-party member. When supplying any equipment or necessity to complete the job.Doing this can even cut down on cost by not having to worry about paying other vendors. With also a better chance of not losing any important data or other information in a data leak due to the fact that you won’t need to give to vendors any important information to set up any device.
A safe online information exchange between two computer systems is made possible by the RESTful API. To carry out various duties, the majority of business apps must interface with other internal and external applications. In other words this is a safe way to exchange information safely through two or more interfaces.This is helpful because it simplifies data. It cuts down on time it takes to be created And lowers the chance of developers to start over from scratch. It also is it easier to understand by presenting clean and easier to understand messages and can tell you the result that you need whenever you ask for it.
Feedback Loops are a process in which the outputs are reused and recycled back into the inputs to ultimately give you the better feedback to improve on. You can do this by looking for different kinds of SKUs in the data. Which would help bring it to your attention to alert someone so that they can look at it to potentially find better options. Looking for skew and looking for trends where I need to alert someone. These are very beneficial to find easier potentially cost effective ways to fix or improve certain aspects of the business.
Rapid prototyping is using 3D computer-aided design to quicklry manufacture a physical object. This helps by creating models for a presentation to show new concepts to board members, clients, or investors so that they can comprehend and approve a development or product. By using this visualisation, designers may also quickly get input from clients and customers based on a real, tangible product rather than a concept.This is helpful because that quick input from clients and or customers can potentially save companies from saving lots of money compared to a company losing a lot of money.
MLOps is basically how manufacturing facilities operate and how you solve a business problem. These are incredibly important due to the fact that they can show information that can affect a company. The implementation of Machine Learning and Deep Learning models in the company can be automated while also improving quality and streamlining the management process. Aligning models with both business demands and regulatory standards is simpler.
In conclusion, design thinking is an easier way to find out relative information to make a company better. Whether it is good or bad information these companies will take it into effect because there is no human error and you can believe and forecast what the data tells you. This will only get better over time and will become a constant for companies in the future.      
